Do you have conceptual practical understanding your mission? Debrief prove your
Mastery. Let's tackle three quick challenges to test your understanding before.
You look what's your best guess. Try to visualize the action scenario Challenge
1 you submit a receipt in Cooper and immediately checks app but the table
is empty. What happens think, remember the digital heartbeat,
Answer you likely didn't wait for the five minute integration cycle. The data
hasn't transferred yet. Scenario challenge 2. Where is the ultimate Financial
truth located in sap? Think remember your financial bank statement
Answer in the sap. Purchase order history tab specifically the material
document scenario Challenge 3. You accidentally type 100 in stead of 10. When
entering the quantity will Cooper stop. You think remember the Phantom Pizza?
Anne said, no, no tolerance set. It is your responsibility to double check the
data before submitting.